# Takachiho Secret Files - Reverse Engineering - Microbot Simulation for Blender

[ Hiro Takachiho : Journal ] During my investigation of the space-time dimensional disturbances, and my subsequent arrival on the dimension responsible, I have discovered my parallel counterpart in the city near the place where some portal experimentation was carried out that caused the disturbances. In this apparent mix of America's San Francisco and my homeland's Tokyo and Shibuya, I have found one "Hiro Hamada", who forms part of his own Big Hero 6.

I came across one of his very interesting inventions: the Microbot. From all footage I've discovered, I learned that he showcased his invention in a university exhibit in their instiute of technology, then was subsequently stolen by one of the professors in that institution, in a bid for revenge over the then-apparent loss of his daughter to the aforementioned portal experimentation. Looking at their operation, I am intrigued in the applicability and the potential utility of these Microbots.

It would be dangerous to take this technology back to my home dimension. Nevertheless, in the interest of study, I have studied every footage available of the Microbots I seek to replicate, lacking access to a sample of the actual technology. I have not yet communicated with Hamada Hiro about this -- if it were me, I would get hold of one of his devices, or the blueprints to make them -- and given the role his Microbots played during the course of its existence, I am uncertain of the proper and appropriate time to ask him, or whether I should even do so.

Truth be told, I marvel at the technology level in this dimension. Certainly, those who deal with them would be much more advanced than anyone in my homeworld. I would feel embarrassed if I am to take one of them with me back to my home (for a visit/tour, of course), only to show how backwards our own technology levels are in comparison. I mused that even the most ordinary tinker here would be more knowledgable and advanced than the most innovative researchers and scientists at home. And then, I don't know if it's possible to replicate advanced technology here back home.

To say nothing of my counterpart, Hamada Hiro. (Well, I'll say it anyway.) Even by the standards of this world, he seems to be far more advanced than anyone else. Local online archives indicate that he (and his deceased brother)'s something of a robotics prodigy, with at one point being able to prove a mathematics theorem at a young age where mathematicians of his day had extreme difficulty resolving.

My investigation requires me that I go as silently as possible and avoid being noticed; thus, I can only watch them from the shadows. (My handy Ghost Cloak prevents my detection, but I'm not sure if it would work with technology here.) However, I will seize the first opportunity to contact them in person. I am keenly interested in meeting the local Big Hero 6 and learn more of the nature of their team, and I look forward to that possibility. Until then, I will at least make sure that no harm comes to then unawares, as I monitor them from the dark.

Well, enough about that. I'm here to attempt to produce a formulation that describes the behavior of Hamada Hiro's Microbots as they form shapes, and simulate it in a visualization software. Given that I have a bit of trouble coming up with a suitable implementation, I must say this Hiro here could very well trump my own intelligence. Again, I look forward to interacting with him and maybe share some technologies and stories.

[ ooc ] Files here are meant to be used for Blender 2.69. It comes in two parts: abstract implementation -- where the Microbot's behavior are mathematically computed -- and Blender interfacing, where all that math is converted into graphics by setting the necessary x, y, z, and rotation coordinates. I don't know if I can make a generalization of the Microbot's behavior to form all shapes and transitions, or if there even is one -- for all I know, the Disney animators probably used different piecewise functions for different cases. I will therefore just implement one behavior to achieve one effect -- namely, spikes of Microbots appearing from the ground, as seen in Hiro Hamada's gameplay demo in Disney Infinity -- until I notice a possible general solution.
